# CEC2021
CEC 2021 Special Session and Competition on Single Objective Bound
Constrained Numerical Optimization.
``@techreport{benchmark,
     title={{Problem Definitions and Evaluation Criteria for the CEC 2021 Special Session and Competition on Single Objective Bound Constrained Numerical Optimization}},
     author={Wagdy, Ali and Hadi, Anas A and Mohamed, Ali K and Agrawal, Prachi and Kumar, Abhishek and Suganthan, Ponnuthurai N},
     year = {2020},
     institution = {Nanyang Technological University - Singapore},
     month = {November},
     url = {https://github.com/P-N-Suganthan/2021-SO-BCO/blob/main/CEC2021%20TR_final.pdf}
}
``
### Folder Organisation

Once the benchmarks are installed, try running one of the two algorithms provided to test on the benchmark function. 
Go to the folder **2021-SO-BCO-main**. 
**CEC2021MATLAB** : The MATLAB codes are present inside the folder.
\t**input_data** : This folder contains the input files and the CEC benchmarks provided as a part of CEC 2021 competition.
\t**Results** : This folder contains the results obtained from executing the algorithm.
\t**Solutions** : This folder contains the population solutions generated by the algorithm.


#### MATLAB
In order to execute the MATLAB codes on the benchmark, enter the fodler as `cd CEC2021MATLAB`.
Select the algorithm of your choice by `cd` into the folder and execute the file `main.m`.
This is the main file which executes the algorithm for the given dimension and function-transformation pair.

If your machine supports parallel processing use `parfor` in the `MadDE` file.
This uses parallel computing toolbox provided by `MATLAB`.

### Results

The MATLAB execution results will be stored in the folder `Results` inside `MadDE` folder. 
The solutions generated by execution of the algorithm are stored in the folder `Solutions` inside `MadDE` folder.
